Congratulations on finishing the content portion of this course.
Amazing job.
I hope you enjoyed this course and gained
some valuable new skills that you can implement in healthcare.
Before moving on to the project,
let's put everything into perspective.
In the EHR Data Security and Analysis part of this course,
you'll learn about data security and privacy,
including the key terms and regulations you
need to be aware of when dealing with healthcare-related data.
You also analyze healthcare data through exploratory data analysis and evaluated how
demographically representative your input data is before even starting to build models.
You then dove into deep end of the pool with EHR code sets where you work with diagnosis,
procedure, and medication codes.
You can now interpret and work with these types of
codes in your healthcare-related projects.
Further, you can categorize and
group EHR dataset codes for further analysis and use in machine learning.
After code sets, you learn to address
the different EHR dataset levels at the line encounter in longitudinal levels.
You can also use your dataset splitting
lumberjack skills to ensure that you don't leak data
into your model training and give it features that
might compromise the use of your model in production.
That's not all you did in this part of the course.
You can use the TensorFlow feature column API for feature engineering as well.
We also eventually got to the fun stuff, building,
evaluating, and interpreting models with the focus on bias and uncertainty.
You can use your feature engineering skills to build simple TensorFlow models using
DenseFeatures and using common evaluation metrics and
even less common ones such as Bio-SCoRes to evaluate your model.
You can now conduct demographic bias analysis
using a framework developed out of the University of Chicago,
ensuring your models will perform well,
will be a breeze from now on as you use uncertainty
estimation to find potential issues more accurately.
Finally, you can also interpret your models using
model agnostic methods like shapley values.
Wow, I cannot believe we covered all that.
Working with EHR data has never been more important than it is today.
I can't wait to see what you will do in healthcare with the new skills you've learned.